Web app on the iPad - i invite you to hack me
	Include an example at the start to prove it is real connectivity


Do i need someone to play dumb? 

	'Choose your hacker' - pick from some sillhouttes of profiles 
		Illustrate that a hacker could be anyone

	Make the hack like a game - very simple hit the big red button

	Each time the hacker loses and I win - gain a point or lose a point. 

		Simple link in casino
		Link in facebook email - timeout
		Apple email - malware from link 
		Verizon email - attachment 


	The hacker is doing very badly! Bonus round for them - 0 day attack. 
		Good chance to mix it up in the middle

	My perspective can be from the end user or the security adminitrator. 

	How to make the cleanup at the end interesting? 



198.18.133.37


About the security prezo - Patrick
	Defense in depth - what is it?
	Increased surface of attack
	Threatgrid instead of trustsec
	Emphasise the safety of an airport
	Focus on what does the user think?
	Focus on what does IT see?


Who is doing this demo? Take out Bob
How to add fun to punctuate each section





LOCKY - dominant in 2016, comeback in April 2017 with 35000 emails. Script embedded in word file. 
JAFF - May 2017 >100k emails. Also embedded in word file

WANNACRY - 150 countries, >300,000 victims. Exhibits worm-like behaviour. Utilises SMB vulnerabilities that have been patched (14 march) but systems may not be up to date. Can spread over internet into any machine with SMB open port. DOUBLEPULSAR was developed by the NSA and leaked by ShadowBrokers in 2017.
NHS - had to divert ambulances, turn away non-critical emergencies
NISSAN - UK had to stop production
Renault - stop production
Russia - 1000 govt computers hit





Demo Flow - 

	Gavin hacker
	I play employee - real behaviour

	Hack 1
		all emails at once
		I check them all and dismiss.

	Hack 2
		launch malware
		i click - get frustrated and leave
		hacker launches exploit

		????During wait time????
			Maybe talk about how we saved the employee

		Hacker sees failure
		Employee returns, logs in and sees remediation

	Admin
		Look at file - 0day got through but has been analysed
		Intrusion events - see exploit was caught
		Correlation events - see talking to ISE
		AMP cleanup
		Unquarantine
		Activate the file again... 

To Finish
	
	WannaCry Cisco Timeline


	